h1. The mozkito-mappings module

The mozkito-mappings module finds information that belongs together and puts
them into relation. For the time being the module only supports two different
types of inputs at a time. And the most basic case this module you can be used
to map transactions to reports. In general the module is designed in a way that
you can put in every kind of information that can be mined using mozkito.

h2. Toolchain layout

<pre>
	Source<1&> -> Candidates<1,2> \
	                               > Demux -> Relations<1,2> -> Composites<1,2> -> Mappings<1,2> -> Sink<1,2>
	Source<2&> -> Candidates<1,2> /
</pre>

At the sources, mappings loads MappableEntities from the persistence storage.
After that, it uses specified Selector instances to find potential candidates
of the second type that might belong to the original instance. This can be a
selector that simply considers every existing entity to be a potential
candidate, or it can use some more sophisticated heuristics like matching
regular expressions, having certain authors, matching certain topics or
matching some search criteria. Selectors can also implement negative herustics,
i.e. considering everything as a candidate that doesn't violate a given
criteria. Mappings does map from one type to another and vice versa until told
otherwise. All candidates generated from both tool chain paths are then
demultiplexed into one data stream.

Every Candidate instance is then passed to all activated engine nodes. Engines
analyse a Candidate and compute a score according to their heuristics on
likeahood of a valid relation. A soon as all Engines are done processing the
entity, the toolchain has a Relation that includes a feature vector containing
all the confidence value generated by all active engines.

In the next step, mappings applies all active Strategies. A Strategy decides on
the validity of a Relation according to its feature vector. Their can be any
kind of criteria, like having a set of valid vector masks, having a SVM model
trained, using a majority decision or computing a threshold based on the
weighted results of the feature vector values.

After this step, mappings has a Composite instance that encapsulates the
Relation it was generated from and a bit vector that represents the decision of
the applied Strategies. This Composite will now be processed by the activated
Filters. Filters work in a similar way than Selectors. They are the last active
element in the chain an can leverage all information gathered thus far to vote
against the validity of a Composite, e.g. based on the outcome of several
Strategies or the result of a single Engine that might be considered a
definitive veto.

This results in the final entity, being an instance of Mapping, encapsulating
the Composite instance it was created from.

h2. Applications

h2. Examples



